#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.7
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
attrs==21.4.0
    # via
    #   cattrs
    #   jsii
aws-cdk-assets==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
aws-cdk-aws-acmpca==1.143.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
aws-cdk-aws-apigateway==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets==1.143.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-cloudfront==1.143.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch==1.143.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
aws-cdk-aws-codebuild==1.143.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-pipelines
aws-cdk-aws-codecommit==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk-pipelines
aws-cdk-aws-codedeploy==1.143.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler==1.143.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline==1.143.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-pipelines
aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions==1.143.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk-pipelines
aws-cdk-aws-codestar==1.143.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aws-cdk-aws-codestarconnections==1.143.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aws-cdk-aws-codestarnotifications==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
aws-cdk-aws-cognito==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-ec2==1.143.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk-pipelines
aws-cdk-aws-ecr==1.143.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-pipelines
aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-ecs==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-aws-efs==1.143.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-eks==1.143.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk-aws-events==1.143.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-pipelines
aws-cdk-aws-events-targets==1.143.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
aws-cdk-aws-globalaccelerator==1.143.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
aws-cdk-aws-iam==1.143.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk-pipelines
aws-cdk-aws-kinesis==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose==1.143.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-aws-kms==1.143.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
aws-cdk-aws-lambda==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk-lambda-layer-awscli
    #   aws-cdk-lambda-layer-kubectl
    #   aws-cdk-lambda-layer-node-proxy-agent
    #   aws-cdk-pipelines
aws-cdk-aws-logs==1.143.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
aws-cdk-aws-route53==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets==1.143.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-s3==1.143.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestar
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-pipelines
aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets==1.143.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-pipelines
aws-cdk-aws-sam==1.143.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-pipelines
aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery==1.143.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-ecs
aws-cdk-aws-signer==1.143.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-lambda
aws-cdk-aws-sns==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk-pipelines
aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-aws-sqs==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
aws-cdk-aws-ssm==1.143.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-eks
aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
aws-cdk-cloud-assembly-schema==1.143.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-cx-api
    #   aws-cdk-pipelines
aws-cdk-core==1.143.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestar
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestarconnections
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk-lambda-layer-awscli
    #   aws-cdk-lambda-layer-kubectl
    #   aws-cdk-lambda-layer-node-proxy-agent
    #   aws-cdk-pipelines
aws-cdk-custom-resources==1.143.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk-aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
aws-cdk-cx-api==1.143.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-pipelines
aws-cdk-lambda-layer-awscli==1.143.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-eks
aws-cdk-lambda-layer-kubectl==1.143.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-eks
aws-cdk-lambda-layer-node-proxy-agent==1.143.0
    # via aws-cdk-aws-eks
aws-cdk-pipelines==1.143.0
    # via -r requirements.in
aws-cdk-region-info==1.143.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-core
boto3==1.21.8
    # via -r requirements.in
botocore==1.24.8
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
cattrs==1.10.0
    # via jsii
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via requests
constructs==3.3.229
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestar
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk-lambda-layer-awscli
    #   aws-cdk-lambda-layer-kubectl
    #   aws-cdk-lambda-layer-node-proxy-agent
    #   aws-cdk-pipelines
idna==3.3
    # via requests
jinja2==3.0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsii==1.54.0
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestar
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestarconnections
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk-cx-api
    #   aws-cdk-lambda-layer-awscli
    #   aws-cdk-lambda-layer-kubectl
    #   aws-cdk-lambda-layer-node-proxy-agent
    #   aws-cdk-pipelines
    #   aws-cdk-region-info
    #   constructs
markupsafe==2.1.0
    # via jinja2
publication==0.0.3
    # via
    #   aws-cdk-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-apigateway
    #   aws-cdk-aws-applicationautoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-common
    #   aws-cdk-aws-autoscaling-hooktargets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-certificatemanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudformation
    #   aws-cdk-aws-cloudwatch
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codebuild
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codecommit
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codedeploy
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codeguruprofiler
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codepipeline-actions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestar
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestarconnections
    #   aws-cdk-aws-codestarnotifications
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ec2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecr-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ecs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-efs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-eks
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancing
    #   aws-cdk-aws-elasticloadbalancingv2
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events
    #   aws-cdk-aws-events-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-iam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesis
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kinesisfirehose
    #   aws-cdk-aws-kms
    #   aws-cdk-aws-lambda
    #   aws-cdk-aws-logs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53
    #   aws-cdk-aws-route53-targets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3
    #   aws-cdk-aws-s3-assets
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sam
    #   aws-cdk-aws-secretsmanager
    #   aws-cdk-aws-servicediscovery
    #   aws-cdk-aws-signer
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sns-subscriptions
    #   aws-cdk-aws-sqs
    #   aws-cdk-aws-ssm
    #   aws-cdk-aws-stepfunctions
    #   aws-cdk-cloud-assembly-schema
    #   aws-cdk-core
    #   aws-cdk-custom-resources
    #   aws-cdk-cx-api
    #   aws-cdk-lambda-layer-awscli
    #   aws-cdk-lambda-layer-kubectl
    #   aws-cdk-lambda-layer-node-proxy-agent
    #   aws-cdk-pipelines
    #   aws-cdk-region-info
    #   constructs
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   jsii
pyyaml==6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
requests==2.31.0
    # via -r requirements.in
s3transfer==0.5.2
    # via boto3
six==1.16.0
    # via python-dateutil
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via jsii
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
